2.6 blog post (#12412)
prettier/prettier: changelog_unreleased/typescript/12400.md

> #### TypeScript 4.6 (#12400 by @dependabot)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### TypeScript 4.6 support (#12400 by @dependabot)
```

(also, should this maybe be a `[HIGHLIGHT]`?)

> We've added support for [TypeScript 4.6](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-4-6/). However, there is no new syntax in this release that Prettier should support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’ve updated the version of TypeScript that we use to parse TS code to [TypeScript 4.6](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-4-6/). However, no new syntax was added in this release of TypeScript so we have not had to make any other changes.
```
